Beefing up the breaking change template (#4816)
flutter/website: src/docs/release/breaking-changes/template.md

---
title: Replace with title of breaking change
description: Brief description similar to the "context" section below. The description shouldn't have any linebreaks - let it go long and wrap. Text below should break at 80 chars or less.
---

{% comment %}
  PLEASE READ THESE GENERAL INSTRUCTIONS:
  * All lines of text should be 80 chars OR LESS.
    (I prefer less.)
  * DON'T SUBMIT a PR weeks and weeks in advance.

>     Doing this causes it to get stanky in the website Q

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Doing this causes it to get stanky in the website queue
```
??? (looked like a typo)

    `Landed in version: 1.21.0-5.0.pre<br>`.
    Do NOT list the PR in this section. Also, don't
    fill in the "stable" release info unless it's
    already in a published stable release.
    After a stable release, I go through and confirm
    that updates have made it to stable and I then
    update the breaking change and the index file.
  * The text in this page should be backwards looking,
    so write about previous behavior in past tense,
    not future tense. People are reading this months
    from now when the change is likely in the stable
    release, not today. Don't say "in a month" or
    talk about your plan to do something next week.
    Assume you've done it, and that they're looking
    back to figure out how to migrate their code.
  * Use sentence case for headings and titles.
    (`## Migration guide`, NOT `Migration Guide`)
  * DON'T use the abbreviation `i.e.`
    Use "for example" or "such as", and similar.
  * For links, use the macros where possible.
    See the examples at the end of this template,
    but don't use "github.com" or "api.flutter.dev" or
    "pub.dev" in your URLs. Use the {{site.github}},
    {{site.api}}, or {{site.pub}} macros.

>   * AVOID "will", when possible, in other words,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * AVOID "will" when possible. In other words,
```

    stay in the present tense. For example:
    Bad: "When encountering an xxx value,
          the code will throw an exception."
    Good: "When encountering an xxx value,
           the code throws an exception."
    Good use of "will": "In release 2.0, the xxx API
          will be deprecated."
  * If your included Dart code won't pass analysis
    on its own (using the analyzer from the latest
    stable release), then preface that code with an
    HTML `<!-- skip -->` tag.

>   * Finally, delete the comment tags and text from the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Finally, delete all these comments from the
```

## Timeline

{% comment %}
  The version # of the SDK where this change was
  introduced.  If there is a deprecation window,
  the version # to which we guarantee to maintain
  the old API. Use the following template:
{% endcomment %}

Landed in version: xxx<br>
In stable release: not yet

## References

{% comment %}
  These non-functional links are commented out because
  they are messing up the Travis build.
  Remove the comment tags once you fill this in with
  real links. Only use the "master-api" include if

>   you link to "master-api.flutter.dev".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  you link to "master-api.flutter.dev"
  (which hosts the very latest build of the Flutter API docs).
```

{% include master-api.md %}

API documentation:

* [`ClassName`][]

Relevant issues:

* [Issue xxxx][]
* [Issue yyyy][]

Relevant PRs:

* [PR title #1][]
* [PR title #2][]
{% endcomment %}

{% comment %}
  Add the links to the end of the file in alphabetical order.

>   These faux links are commented out because they make
>   the Travis build believe they are broken links,
>   but please remove the comment tags before you commit!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The following faux links are commented out because they
  break the Travis build.
  Please remove the comment tags before you commit!
```

  Obviously, linking to the stable API channel is preferred,

>   but if you are showing new API, use the master channel link.

Reviewer: This part is confusing. What note? It also looks like you want them to include both stable and master channel links. Maybe have something like this instead:

```
Here's an example of defining a stable (site.api) or master channel (master-api) link:
```

But I'm still confused about how this meshes with the `{% include master-api.md %}` include above. Maybe link to a page that uses it?
